hath-scripts
============

Hath cache experiment to figure out the best compression raio
-------------------------------------------------------------

It is known that the compression ratio for JPEG and PNG images versus the file
size of the given images is very different for photographs and drawn images.
Therefore, when we have a given subset of types of images, the function of
compression ratio versus image file size will be very different from the same
function for all types of images.  The purpose of this experiment is to draw
the function of compression ratio versus image file size for images distributed
at the [e-hentai][ehgl] website.  We will perform this by analysing all images
from the cache of the [Hentai at home][hath] client, which is a distributed
image delivery system built at [e-hentai][ehgl].  The cache of such client has
a good sample of all images hosted, and therefore is a good representation for
all images distributed at [e-hentai][ehgl].

[ehgl]: http://e-hentai.org
[hath]: http://forums.e-hentai.org/index.php?showtopic=19795

Copying
-------

Copyright (C) 2015 Neptune Penguin

This file is part of the hath-scripts repository

All scripts in the hath-scripts repository are free software; you can
redistribute and/or modify all or part of the code under the terms of the GNU
General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

The scripts in this repository are distributed in the hope that it will be
useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public
License for more details.

The COPYING file in the root directory of the project contains a copy of the
GNU General Public License. If you cannot find this file, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

